[error-tracking] Add excluding an issue section (#30872)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/error_tracking/issue_states.md

The issue status appears anywhere the issue can be viewed, such as in the issues list or on the details panel for a given issue. To manually update the status of an issue, click the status and choose a different one in the dropdown menu.

{{< img src="error_tracking/updating-issue-status.png" alt="The Activity Timeline in the Error Tracking Issue" style="width:100%;" >}}

## Excluding an issue

> Exclude specific errors from error tracking, preventing further collection and ensuring they do not count toward billing. This allows you to clean up non-actionable errors or expected failures issues without complex exclusion rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EXCLUDED` status, allows you to prevent specific errors from being tracked, ensuring they are not collected or counted toward billing. This helps you remove non-actionable errors or expected failures issues without needing complex exclusion rules.
```

> To manually exclude an issue, click the issue status and choose **EXCLUDED** in the dropdown menu. Excluded issues remain accessible in the **Ignored** tab, you can review their history at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually exclude an issue, click the issue status and choose **EXCLUDED** in the dropdown menu. Excluded issues remain accessible in the **IGNORED** tab, you can review their history at any time.
```
Capitalized this for consistency.
